OSDOCS-17044-2:[CQA] MACH-3: (UPI) Attachment3 (#116621)
openshift/openshift-docs: machine_management/user_infra/adding-compute-user-infra-general.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> To scale a {product-title} cluster that uses user-provisioned infrastructure, you can manually add compute machines during or after installation. Use the same configuration files and parameters that you used for installation.

Reviewer: I think reverting the beginning of the second sentence would be good context to keep here

```suggestion
To scale a {product-title} cluster that uses user-provisioned infrastructure, you can manually add compute machines during or after installation. The postinstallation process requires some of the same configuration files and parameters that you used for installation.
```
